feat(docker): add docker and publish images to ghcr (#411)
jef/nvidia-snatcher: README.md

### Quick overview

> #### Native installation (recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Native installation
```

> :point_right: Please visit the [wiki](https://github.com/jef/nvidia-snatcher/wiki) if you need more help with installation.

> #### Docker image (To run inside containers)
> 
> There is a [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/v1ct0rv/nvidia-snatcher) available with latest version, there is a sample [docker compose here](docker/docker-compose.yml)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Docker image (To run inside containers)

Available via GitHub Container Registry. 

| Tag | Note |
|:---:|---|
| latest | Latest stable build |
| nightly | Latest HEAD build, could be unstable |

Use `docker run -it --rm --env-file ./.env ghcr.io/jef/nvidia-snatcher:nightly` to run.

```
